feat(changelog): object-storage-added-object-storage-now-offers-sla 2024-02-20 (#2763)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2024/2024-02-20-object-storage-added-object-storage-now-offers-sla.mdx

---
title: Object Storage now offers SLA!
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #object-storage channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-02-20
category: storage
product: object-storage
---

> As part of our commitment to deliver high availability, we officially guarantee 99.9% monthly availability rate on our Multi-AZ Standard class, and 99.0% monthly availability rate on One Zone - IA class and Glacier class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of our commitment to deliver high availability, we officially guarantee a 99.9% monthly availability rate for our Multi-AZ Standard class, and a 99% monthly availability rate for our One Zone - IA and Glacier classes. 
```

Object Storage SLA is on par with the standards set by industry leaders, and supported by a seasoned monitoring practice, ensuring a seamless experience for our customers to run their business. 

> Please read through the Service Level Agreement (“SLA”) Object Storage to know more. https://www.scaleway.com/en/object-storage/sla/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please read through the [Object Storage Service Level Agreement (“SLA”)](supported by a seasoned monitoring practice) to know more.
```

> Please read through the [Object Storage Service Level Agreement (“SLA”)](https://www.scaleway.com/en/object-storage/sla/) to know more.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Object Storage Service Level Agreement (“SLA”)](https://www.scaleway.com/en/object-storage/sla/) to know more.
```
